I found a love for me
Darling just dive right in
And follow my lead
Well I found a girl beautiful
and sweet
I never knew you were the
someone waiting for me
'Cause we were just kids
when we fell in love
Not knowing what it was
I will not give you up this time
But darling, just kiss me slow,
your heart is all I own
And in your eyes you're holding mine
Baby, I'm dancing in the dark
with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass, listening
to our favorite song
When you said you looked a mess, I
whispered underneath my breath
But you heard it, darling,
you look perfect tonight
Well I found a woman, stronger
than anyone I know
She shares my dreams, I hope that
someday I'll share her home
I found a love, to carry more
than just my secrets
To carry love, to carry
children of our own
We are still kids, but
we're so in love
Fighting against all odds
I know we'll be alright this time
Darling, just hold my hand
Be my girl, I'll be your man
I see my future in your eyes
Baby, I'm dancing in the dark,
with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass, listening
to our favorite song
When I saw you in that dress,
looking so beautiful
I don't deserve this, darling,
you look perfect tonight
Baby, I'm dancing in the dark,
with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass, listening
to our favorite song
I have faith in what I see
Now I know I have met
an angel in person
And she looks perfect
I don't deserve this
You look perfect tonight